the goal of this project is to create a "webOS Compatibility Layer" for Android. Its focused on the legacy    
  Palm/HP webOS mobile platform, and providing some kind of runtime, simulator or emulator for Android that     
  would let us run apps for webOS on a modern device. We'll keep it to ARM-based Android, for simplicity, since 
  webOS ran on ARMv7. We're also focused only on the HP TouchPad, the last and most modern webOS device. I      
  have gathered a number of resources for you. Connected to this computer is a HP TouchPad, freshly restored to 
  a clean operating system and developer unlocked. You can interact with it with the novacom command, the USB   
  driver installed on this computer. Also on this computer is the original PalmSDK, installed at /opt/PalmSDK   
  that contains the PDK, which was the native development kit. webOS apps could be developed in web-based       
  frameworks, like Enyo and Mojo, or with the PDK, which enabled running Linux binaries -- webOS was            
  Linux-based, so you can run Linux commands on the TouchPad over novacom. The SDK has all the details on those 
  commands. In /home/jonwise/Projects is the file "webosdoctorp305hstnhwifi.jar" which is the restore utility   
  for the TouchPad, which will help you understand low-level OS and filesystem stuff. And finally most (but not 
  all) of webOS was made available in Open Source. You can find those bits at                                   
  /home/jonwise/Projects/hp-webos-oss in the Projects folder there are some other Linux-based projects written  
  or ported for the TouchPad, proving is Linux-based capabilities. Our goal is to enable webOS apps on Android  
  somehow -- ideally Android 14, installed as an APK without needing to root the Android host. Review           
  everything, make a plan, and work autonomously to try it out. Only interupt me if you need something.         

● This is an ambitious and interesting project. Let me systematically explore all the resources to understand webOS architecture, app formats, and dependencies before formulating an implementation plan.

  I'll launch several exploration agents in parallel to gather information efficiently.
